integration of design specification, defined terms and introduction sections review (#594)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/design.rst

=================
Design Principles 
=================
 
Thanks to the Digital Identity Wallet Paradigm, the IT-Wallet System provides Users with a simpler, faster, and more secure experience when accessing services. 

> The IT-Wallet Solution serves as the primary Touchpoint, enabling Users to manage and utilize their Personal Identification Data and Attributes when interacting with Public or Private Entities, in both physical and digital contexts. However, the overall service depends on the interactions of a network of Touchpoints and Technical Solutions, that support its delivery and directly impact the User Experience. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IT-Wallet Solution serves as the primary Touchpoint, enabling Users to manage and utilize their Identification Data and Attributes when interacting with Public or Private Entities, in both physical and digital contexts. However, the overall service depends on the interactions of a network of Touchpoints and Technical Solutions, that support its delivery and directly impact the User Experience. 
```

Author: @vcarollo Identification Data is not a defined term, we have instead "PID". Do we need to delete PID from the defined term list? Should we add "Identification Data" instead?

Reviewer: Sorry, I removed it by mistake here. You're right — we should keep only "PID"

```suggestion
The IT-Wallet Solution serves as the primary Touchpoint, enabling Users to manage and utilize their PID and Attributes when interacting with Public or Private Entities, in both physical and digital contexts. However, the overall service depends on the interactions of a network of Touchpoints and Technical Solutions, that support its delivery and directly impact the User Experience. 
```

> =================
> Design Principles
> =================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Design Principles
###############################
```

> Thanks to the Digital Identity Wallet Paradigm, the IT-Wallet System provides Users with a simpler, faster, and more secure experience when accessing services. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IT-Wallet System adheres to the Digital Identity Wallet Paradigm, aiming to provide Users with a simple, fast, and more secure experience when accessing services.
```

> The IT-Wallet Solution serves as the primary Touchpoint, enabling Users to manage and use their PID and Attributes when interacting with Public or Private Entities, in both physical and digital contexts. However, the overall service depends on the interactions of a network of Touchpoints and Technical Solutions, that support its delivery and directly impact the User Experience. 

Reviewer 2: Are public and private entities defined terms?

Author: no, but they appear in the Primary Actors definition with capital initials

Author: we're going to change in public entit* and private entit* throughout the documents
